I had a secret.
Only it wasn’t mine to tell.
It was my best friend’s, Julian.
This was not the Julian I knew.
At the end of the meeting,
Brother Max wanted to know
if I was OK.
I shrugged it off.
I just didn’t know
who to talk to at that point.
A few years ago,
when my parents
stopped attending meetings,
Julian was there for me.
I didn’t want to lose my friend.
But did I really know him?
I decided to ask Julian
about the pictures he posted.
I told him it wasn’t right.
He needed to talk to the elders.
Then he got really defensive about it.
I knew I did the right thing.
When was I supposed
to take care of this bill?
I’ve been telling you
for the past month!
I just needed someone to talk to.
When did you tell me?
I’ve been working
for the past couple of weeks.
Well, as if I don’t work?
Oh! Now you’re going
to blame everything on me.
Brother Max wanted to know
how I was really doing.
He could tell something was wrong.
So I opened up.
I told him everything.
I didn’t want to get my friend in trouble.
Max understood.
He asked me to read James 5:14, 15:
“Is there anyone sick among you?
“Let him call
the elders of the congregation to him,
“and let them pray over him,
“applying oil to him
in the name of Jehovah.
“And the prayer of faith
“will make the sick one well,
and Jehovah will raise him up.”
Max showed me that the elders
can encourage and strengthen
a spiritually weak person.
Covering up a friend’s wrongdoing
prevents him from getting
the spiritual help he needs.
All this time,
I was focused on Julian and his deception,
and I didn’t speak up.
I’m glad I was honest with Brother Max.
The elders are like our spiritual doctors,
and even more, they’re our friends.
They want to help us.
Julian might receive discipline,
but that’s an expression of Jehovah’s love.
It could save his spiritual life.
Julian got the spiritual help he needed.
And I kept my best friend.